README.md, before:

# Aliens vs. Predator 2 Custom Maps List
This is documentation of publicly released Aliens vs. Predator 2 (AvP 2) custom maps and its attributed authors.

AvP 2 custom maps are any non-officially published levels for the Aliens vs. Predator 2 game (https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Aliens_versus_Predator_2). These maps were created by AvP 2 community members.

This list credits each map's author; however, a couple levels still have unknown authors. Feel free to fill in the blanks for these unknown authors if you know. If you could provide an attributable source citing a level's author's name or alias, please share this wth me. I am 100% sure the cited author's name or alias is correct where ever a clear name or alias is given.


This community reference tool may be used by anyone. I am actively updating this list so if there is anyone who could fill in those blanks for me that would be greatly appreciated.

I do not think it is necessary to document every last map. A map is to be omitted from this list for the following reasons:
* Old versions of documented maps
* Levels that never received wide spread publication on community websites or file sharing
* Maps or levels where the quality was severely lacking, well past being unplayable
* Sandbox, testing, or experimentation maps not meant to be played or publicly released.


Version History:
Winter 2020 -- Added different types of files displaying the list and scripts for automatically generating those files.
Fall 2008 -- Started compiling the list.

Commit message:

Updated readme version history
Summarized some of the changes since 2020.

README.md, after:

# Aliens vs. Predator 2 Custom Maps List
This is documentation of publicly released Aliens vs. Predator 2 (AvP 2) custom maps and its attributed authors.

AvP 2 custom maps are any non-officially published levels for the Aliens vs. Predator 2 game (https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Aliens_versus_Predator_2). These maps were created by AvP 2 community members.

This list credits each map's author; however, a couple levels still have unknown authors. Feel free to fill in the blanks for these unknown authors if you know. If you could provide an attributable source citing a level's author's name or alias, please share this wth me. I am 100% sure the cited author's name or alias is correct where ever a clear name or alias is given.


This community reference tool may be used by anyone. I am actively updating this list so if there is anyone who could fill in those blanks for me that would be greatly appreciated.

I do not think it is necessary to document every last map. A map is to be omitted from this list for the following reasons:
* Old versions of documented maps
* Levels that never received wide spread publication on community websites or file sharing
* Maps or levels where the quality was severely lacking, well past being unplayable
* Sandbox, testing, or experimentation maps not meant to be played or publicly released.


Version History:
Fall 2022 -- Map list is up-to-date with Ultimate Map Pack 3, also includes some fixed attributions and newer maps.
Winter 2020 -- Added different types of files displaying the list and scripts for automatically generating those files.
Fall 2008 -- Started compiling the list.
